.github/NEW_IA_TEMPLATE.md, before:

# New {IA Name} Fathead Instant Answer
Help us make DuckDuckGo the best search engine for programmers!


### What do I need to know?
You'll need to know how to code in **Perl**, **Python**, **Ruby**, or **JavaScript**.
![fathead languages](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/873785/19787916/57b4c31a-9c73-11e6-9bd9-f85c8893ec93.jpg)


### What am I doing?
You will write a script that scrapes or downloads the data source below, and generates an **output.txt** file containing the parsed documentation.

You can learn more about Fatheads and the `output.txt` syntax [**here**](https://docs.duckduckhack.com/resources/fathead-overview.html).


### The data source :rocket:
{URL to Data Source}
<!-- ^^^ FILL THIS IN ^^^ -->

### What is the Goal?
As part of our [Programming Mission](https://forum.duckduckhack.com/t/duckduckhack-programming-mission-overview/53), we're aiming to reach 100% Instant Answer (IA) coverage for searches related to programming languages by creating new Instant Answers, and improving existing ones.

Here are some Fathead examples:

- Ruby Docs
    - [Code](https://github.com/duckduckgo/zeroclickinfo-fathead/tree/master/lib/fathead/ruby) | [Example Query](https://duckduckgo.com/?q=array+bsearch&ia=about) | [IA Page](https://duck.co/ia/view/ruby)
- MDN CSS
    - [Code](https://github.com/duckduckgo/zeroclickinfo-fathead/tree/master/lib/fathead/mdn_css) | [Example Query](https://duckduckgo.com/?q=css+background-position&ia=about) | [IA Page](https://duck.co/ia/view/mdn_css)

  ![css background-position search](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/873785/19787980/cdf51566-9c73-11e6-9ef2-ac44dede62c7.png)


[See more related Instant Answers](https://duck.co/ia?repo=fathead)


## Get Started
- [ ] 1) Claim this issue by commenting below
- [ ] 2) Review our [Contributing Guide](https://github.com/duckduckgo/zeroclickinfo-fathead/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)
- [ ] 3) [Set up your development environment](https://docs.duckduckhack.com/welcome/setup-dev-environment.html), and fork this repository
- [ ] 4) Create a new Instant Answer Page: https://duck.co/ia/new_ia
- [ ] 5) Create the Fathead
- [ ] 6) Create a Pull Request
- [ ] 7) Ping @{Language Leader Handle} for a review
<!-- ^^^ FILL THIS IN ^^^ -->

## Resources
- Join [DuckDuckHack Slack](https://quackslack.herokuapp.com/) to ask questions
- Join the [DuckDuckHack Forum](https://forum.duckduckhack.com/) to discuss project planning and Instant Answer metrics
- Read the [DuckDuckHack Documentation](https://docs.duckduckhack.com/) for technical help

Commit message:

Add IA Page link, switch "Data Source" to bold text from header

.github/NEW_IA_TEMPLATE.md, after:

# New {IA Name} Fathead Instant Answer
Help us make DuckDuckGo the best search engine for programmers!


### What do I need to know?
You'll need to know how to code in **Perl**, **Python**, **Ruby**, or **JavaScript**.
![fathead languages](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/873785/19787916/57b4c31a-9c73-11e6-9bd9-f85c8893ec93.jpg)


### What am I doing?
You will write a script that scrapes or downloads the data source below, and generates an **output.txt** file containing the parsed documentation.

You can learn more about Fatheads and the `output.txt` syntax [**here**](https://docs.duckduckhack.com/resources/fathead-overview.html).


**Data source**: {URL to Data Source}
<!-- ^^^ FILL THIS IN ^^^ -->

Instant Answer Page: *to be created by developer*
<!-- ^^^ FILL THIS IN, AFTER ISSUE IS CLAIMED ^^^ -->

### What is the Goal?
As part of our [Programming Mission](https://forum.duckduckhack.com/t/duckduckhack-programming-mission-overview/53), we're aiming to reach 100% Instant Answer (IA) coverage for searches related to programming languages by creating new Instant Answers, and improving existing ones.

Here are some Fathead examples:

- Ruby Docs
    - [Code](https://github.com/duckduckgo/zeroclickinfo-fathead/tree/master/lib/fathead/ruby) | [Example Query](https://duckduckgo.com/?q=array+bsearch&ia=about) | [IA Page](https://duck.co/ia/view/ruby)
- MDN CSS
    - [Code](https://github.com/duckduckgo/zeroclickinfo-fathead/tree/master/lib/fathead/mdn_css) | [Example Query](https://duckduckgo.com/?q=css+background-position&ia=about) | [IA Page](https://duck.co/ia/view/mdn_css)

  ![css background-position search](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/873785/19787980/cdf51566-9c73-11e6-9ef2-ac44dede62c7.png)


[See more related Instant Answers](https://duck.co/ia?repo=fathead)


## Get Started
- [ ] 1) Claim this issue by commenting below
- [ ] 2) Review our [Contributing Guide](https://github.com/duckduckgo/zeroclickinfo-fathead/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)
- [ ] 3) [Set up your development environment](https://docs.duckduckhack.com/welcome/setup-dev-environment.html), and fork this repository
- [ ] 4) Create a new Instant Answer Page: https://duck.co/ia/new_ia
- [ ] 5) Create the Fathead
- [ ] 6) Create a Pull Request
- [ ] 7) Ping @{Language Leader Handle} for a review
<!-- ^^^ FILL THIS IN ^^^ -->

## Resources
- Join [DuckDuckHack Slack](https://quackslack.herokuapp.com/) to ask questions
- Join the [DuckDuckHack Forum](https://forum.duckduckhack.com/) to discuss project planning and Instant Answer metrics
- Read the [DuckDuckHack Documentation](https://docs.duckduckhack.com/) for technical help
