ldraw_org/README.md, before:

LDraw.org Fathead
=================

"[LDraw](http://ldraw.org/) is an open standard for LEGO CAD programs that allow the user to create virtual LEGO models and scenes." At the heart of LDraw is the LDraw Part Library, a collection of community-authored part files representing real LEGO elements. Updates to the  library are periodically released [at LDraw.org](http://www.ldraw.org/Topic26.html). The library is also distributed with compatible software, such as [Bricksmith](http://bricksmith.sourceforge.net/). Library updates only include official parts - those that have been certified by the community to meet [established standards](http://www.ldraw.org/Article292.html). Unofficial parts are cataloged at the [LDraw Parts Tracker](http://ldraw.org/library/tracker/), where contributors can submit, review, and revise new parts. Users who are seeking to participate in this process or who simply want to use unofficial parts can search for and download new parts and their dependencies from the LDraw Parts Tracker.

This fathead module lets DuckDuckGo search the LDraw Parts Tracker.

Data Source
-----------

The LDraw Parts Tracker is updated on a continuous basis. The [activity log](http://www.ldraw.org/cgi-bin/tracker/activity.cgi) indicates that new submissions are less frequent than other actions such as comments and certification votes. Therefore, although the [complete part list](http://www.ldraw.org/cgi-bin/ptlist.cgi) is dynamically generated, it changes little from day to day, and is used as the data source for this fathead. Periodic refreshes are appropriate.

Limitations
-----------

- Initial intent is to look up part name and link from part number queries. However, it would also be useful to support queries by [partial] part name. See `queries.txt` for examples.
- The LDraw Parts Tracker reports additional information about each part on the detail pages linked from the complete part list. Most importantly, any required subfiles are listed - a good candidate for "see also" links. Other information that may be available includes revision history, comments, author name, and semi-standardized part CATEGORY or KEYWORD labels. This module does not include any of that information in its output.
- Obviously, it would be nice to provide information about officially released parts as well as unofficial parts. The LDraw Parts Tracker does not list official parts, but LDraw.org does host official part files and preview images. Fetching and indexing a full copy of the LDraw Part Library (and [all unofficial parts](http://www.ldraw.org/library/unofficial/)) would be one way to go.
- For information about actual LEGO sets and parts, a separate module is needed to search sites like [Peeron](http://peeron.com/) or [Bricklink](http://www.bricklink.com/).

Commit message:

Added note on expected input/output file sizes to readme.

ldraw_org/README.md, after:

LDraw.org Fathead
=================

"[LDraw](http://ldraw.org/) is an open standard for LEGO CAD programs that allow the user to create virtual LEGO models and scenes." At the heart of LDraw is the LDraw Part Library, a collection of community-authored part files representing real LEGO elements. Updates to the  library are periodically released [at LDraw.org](http://www.ldraw.org/Topic26.html). The library is also distributed with compatible software, such as [Bricksmith](http://bricksmith.sourceforge.net/). Library updates only include official parts - those that have been certified by the community to meet [established standards](http://www.ldraw.org/Article292.html). Unofficial parts are cataloged at the [LDraw Parts Tracker](http://ldraw.org/library/tracker/), where contributors can submit, review, and revise new parts. Users who are seeking to participate in this process or who simply want to use unofficial parts can search for and download new parts and their dependencies from the LDraw Parts Tracker.

This fathead module lets DuckDuckGo search the LDraw Parts Tracker.

Data Source
-----------

The LDraw Parts Tracker is updated on a continuous basis. The [activity log](http://www.ldraw.org/cgi-bin/tracker/activity.cgi) indicates that new submissions are less frequent than other actions such as comments and certification votes. Therefore, although the [complete part list](http://www.ldraw.org/cgi-bin/ptlist.cgi) is dynamically generated, it changes little from day to day, and is used as the data source for this fathead. Periodic refreshes are appropriate.

At the time of this writing, the complete part list page retrieved by `fetch.sh` is around 1 megabyte. The `output.txt` file generated by parser is smaller, about 866k.

Limitations
-----------

- Initial intent is to look up part name and link from part number queries. However, it would also be useful to support queries by [partial] part name. See `queries.txt` for examples.
- The LDraw Parts Tracker reports additional information about each part on the detail pages linked from the complete part list. Most importantly, any required subfiles are listed - a good candidate for "see also" links. Other information that may be available includes revision history, comments, author name, and semi-standardized part CATEGORY or KEYWORD labels. This module does not include any of that information in its output.
- Obviously, it would be nice to provide information about officially released parts as well as unofficial parts. The LDraw Parts Tracker does not list official parts, but LDraw.org does host official part files and preview images. Fetching and indexing a full copy of the LDraw Part Library (and [all unofficial parts](http://www.ldraw.org/library/unofficial/)) would be one way to go.
- For information about actual LEGO sets and parts, a separate module is needed to search sites like [Peeron](http://peeron.com/) or [Bricklink](http://www.bricklink.com/).
